with the girls with the video I'm going to
explain how to use the practical
uncollectible then I will make a series
of tutorials with the different
finishes that you can find you have the
plastic in black in transparent in
translucent in white and also
printable this material you have many
possibilities for example you can do
studs brooches pins
anything that comes to mind
The particularity of this material is
that when heated it shrinks and takes a
thickness then there are two methods for
heat it you can heat it in the oven
of house that is not toxic to any
problem and if you do not have the option to
this heat gun
good as I told you to warm it to
a certain temperature the plastic will
shrink then to make you an idea
you can make a rule and so you have it
of reference for each time you want
do one thing for example they will be 10
centimeters in reality and on heating
they have been left this size
to start today we are going to make a
pendant for mobile with plastic
printable because it is the simplest
then do this the materials that
we will need are the following
first the printable plastic
once you have chosen your drawing what
printed on this plastic
then you need a surface on the
that heat the plastic for example a
same dish can serve then also
you need something to reject it because
once warmed up sometimes it remains a
little curved then with a glass itself
you can also do
then need scissors to trim it
we can to make a hole for
then hook it to the pendant we're going to
do with a hole punch or
well with a punch that we have more
size options
then we will need an object to
hold it while we are heating up
why take a jet of air because we are
can then fly finally the rings
and a tool to find the
rings and then good of course the
hanging for the mount once we have
the printed drawing will be cut out
around
and we make the hole with the punch
with the drill
Once we have it, we can
warm it up so we take a
tool to hold it once
we have started to warm up we heat
a little bit the gun
ah
as I said before once warmed up what
you have to get out
so that it stays flat
once you have the object in fact
so we have to put a pendant to
mobile then will finish him
we put the washer
we already have the supermoto
and in this case I've put a little bit of
varnish and a little bit of felt in the
back to make it do a
nicer finish